===Differences from Update 1.0 (r225) to Update 1.1 (r268)===

==Bug Fixes==
Possible booster bug fixed.(r225)<br />
Blobs from prifle now wear off. (r228, r229, and r233) <br />
Health reneration rates > 20 now work on a server with sv_fps = 20.<br />
Dretch now rotates on the main menu again. (r225) <br />
Custom vote executing last vote string fixed. (r226)<br />
Suicide should now cancel when you die. (r235)<br />
Adv. Rant acid now does large radial damage along with regular impact damage. (r222 & r234)<br />
Booster boosts every five seconds, regardless if player is currently boosted. (r225)<br />
Another Xael/Luci bug precaution. (r259)<br />
Hovels with Grangers in them that die should work now. (r268)<br />

==Graphical Improvements==
All human textures are slightly darker. (Fox_One (r230 & r232)<br />
New Xael texture. (Fox_One) (r231)<br />
New Forcefield Model and Texture. (Trepidus) (r244) <br />
Added barricade and forcefield shrink. (MGdev) (r244)<br />
Updated forcefield shader. (r251) <br />
New human overlay. (Trepidus) (r246) <br />
Higher resolution Adv. Rant texture. (Trepidus) (r247) <br />
Added painsaw glow. (Eagle) (r242)<br />
Ally's health fades in and out and is transparent. (Trepidus) (r257) <br />
Lisk icon goes transparent and flashes to represent cloak status. (r240) <br />
Forcefield shrinks when you hit Q (+button7) now. (r253)<br />
Compressed tons of textures to jpg and removed several bulky xcf and tga files. (r249 & r241)<br />
Forcefield has new UI info to reflect changes. (r254) <br />
Various other UI bug fixes and enhancements (r252 & r260)<br />
Lots of UI menus were updated to reflect changes in the game. (r267)

==Gameplay Changes==
Adv. Rant's acid is strong again, to counter Xael. (r222 & r234)<br />
Countdown stops you from joining now. (r236)<br />
Health system is now in float, allowing for a more precise regeneration system. (r259)<br />
Adv. Rants now have a healing rate of 10 hp/s and cost 9 evos instead of 11. (r255 & r256)<br />